The last obstacle in Mrs. Geraghty 's globe-girdling trip was smoothed out when a representative of Syria called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country ǿ so newly separated from Egypt and the United Arab Republic that she had n't been able to obtain a visa .  FIRST , HONOLULU  Honolulu will be Mrs. Geraghty 's first stop . Then Japan , Hong Kong , Manila , India , Pakistan , Damascus , Beirut , and to Rome , London , and Paris " to look over wonderful talent " . 
Dec. 22 is the deadline for Mrs. Geraghty 's return ; the Geraghtys ' youngest daughter , Molly , bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night . Molly already has her cotillion gown , and it 's fitted , says her mother . Also , invitations have been addressed to Molly 's debut tea the afternoon of Dec. 29 in the Arts club . 
It wo n't be a " tea " , however , but more of an international folk song festival , with singers from Chicago 's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world . The international theme will be continued with the Balkan strings playing for a dinner the Byron Harveys will give in the Racquet club after the tea . Miss Abra Prentice 's debut supper dance in the Casino will wind up the day .  BURKE-ROSTAGNO  The Richard S. Burkes ' home in Wayne may be the setting for the wedding reception for their daughter , Helen Lambert , and the young Italian she met last year while studying in Florence during her junior year at Smith college . He is Aldo Rostagno , son of the Guglielmo Rostagnos of Florence whom the Burkes met last year in Europe . The Burkes , who now live in Kankakee , are telling friends of the engagement . 
Miss Burke , a graduate of Miss Hall 's school , stayed on in Florence as a career girl . Her fiance , who is with a publishing firm , translates many books from English into Italian . He will be coming here on business in December , when the wedding is to take place in Wayne . Miss Burke will arrive in December also .  HERE AND THERE  A farewell supper Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Sethness Jr . planned Sunday for Italian Consul General and Mrs. Giacomo Profili has been canceled because Mr. Sethness is in Illinois Masonic hospital for surgery . 
Mrs. William Odell , Mrs. Clinton B. King , John Holabird Jr. , Norman Boothby , and Actress Maureen O'Sullivan will judge the costumes in the grand march at the Affaire Old Towne Bal Masque tomorrow in the Germania club . The party is to raise money for the Old Town Art center and to plant more crabapple trees along the streets of Old Town . 
LYON AROUND : Columnist Walter Winchell , well and rat-a-tat-tatty again , wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his Phoenix , Ariz. , rancho , portable typewriter in hand . If W. W. 's retiring soon , as hinted , he ai n't talking ǿ yet . ǲ Pretty Sunny Ainsworth , the ex-Mrs . Tommy Manville and the ex-Mrs . Bud Arvey , joined Playboy-Show-Biz Illustrated , as a promotional copy writer . She 's a whiz . ǲ You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights . Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if . ǲ Comic Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room here Dec. 18 , because that 's the only time his heart , Lucille Ball , can come along . And watch for a headline from this pair any time now .   The Living Room has another scoop : Jane Russell will make one of her rare night club singing appearances there , opening Jan. 22 . La Russell 's run in " Skylark " , debuting next week at Drury Lane , already is a sellout . ǲ Johnny Ray , at the same L. R. , has something to cry about . He 's been warbling in severe pain ; a medico 's injection inflamed a nerve , and Johnny can barely walk . ǲ Charley Simonelli , top Universal-International film studio exec , makes an honest man out of this column . As we bulletin 'd way back , he 'll wed pretty Rosemary Strafaci , of the Golf Mag staff , in N. Y. C. today . Handsome bachelor Charley was a favorite date of many of Hollywood 's glamor gals for years .    GEORGE SIMON , exec director of Danny Thomas A. L. S. A. C. [ Aiding Leukemia Stricken American Children ] fund raising group , filled me in on the low-down phonies who are using phones to solicit funds for Danny 's St. Jude hospital in Memphis . There is no such thing as an " emergency telephone building fund drive " . The only current event they 're staging is the big show at the Stadium Nov. 25 , when Danny will entertain thousands of underprivileged kids . You can mail contribs to Danny Thomas , Post Office Box 7599 , Chicago . So , if anybody solicits by phone , make sure you mail the dough to the above . ǲ Olivia De Havilland signed to do a Broadway play for Garson Kanin this season , " A Gift of Time " . She 'll move to Gotham after years in Paris .   Gorgeous Doris Day and her producer-hubby , Marty Melcher , drive in today from a motor tour thru New England . D. D. will pop up with U-I Chief Milt Rackmil at the Carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie exhibitors . It 'll be an all day affair with screenings of Doris ' new one , " Lover Come Back " , and " Flower Drum Song " . ǲ Whee the People : Lovely Thrush Annamorena gave up a promising show biz career to apply glamor touches to her hubby , Ray Lenobel 's fur firm here . Typical touch : She sold a $10,000 morning light mink to Sportsman Freddie Wacker for his frau , Jana Mason , also an ex-singer . In honor of the Wackers ' new baby . Fur goodness sake !    EMCEE Jack Herbert insists Dick Nixon 's campaign slogan for governor of California is , " Knight Must Fall " ! ǲ Give generously when you buy candy today for the Brain Research Foundation . It 's one of our town 's worthiest charities . ǲ Best Bet for Tonight : That darlin' dazzler from Paree , Genevieve , opening in the Empire room . ǲ Dave Trager , who is quite a showman and boss of Chicago 's new pro basketball Packers , is debuting a new International club , for the exclusive use of season ticket holders , in the Stock Yards Inn . Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener . ǲ Nobody 's mentioned it , but when ol' Casey Stengel takes over as boss of the New York Mets , he 'll be the only baseballight ever to wear the uniform of all New York area clubs , past and present : Yankees , Dodgers , Giants , and now the Mets . ǲ And Bernie Kriss calls the bayonet clashes at Berlin 's Brandenburg Gate , " The Battle of the Sentry " !   THE JOTTED LYON : This mad world dept. : Khrush and the Kremlin crowd are confident all right . They 're contaminating the earth 's atmosphere including their own via mighty megaton bombs but their own peasants still do n't know about it ! ǲ More : On the free world side . Albert John Luthuli , awarded a Nobel prize for his South African integration struggles , has to get permission to fly to collect his honor . Hmpf ǲ But on to the frothier side ǲ Johnny Weissmuller , the only real Tarzan , telephoned Maureen O'Sullivan , his first " Jane " [ now at Drury Lane , and muttered , " Me Tarzan , this Jane " ? Snapped Maureen , " Me Jane " ! ǲ Actually Johnny is a glib , garrulous guy , with a rare sense of humor . Everywhere he went in town , people sidled up , gave him the guttural bit or broke into a frightening Tarzan yodel . He kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone .   " La Dolce Vita " , the dynamite Italian flicker , opens at popular prices at the Loop theater Nov. 2 . My idea of masterful movie making . ǲ Bill Veeck 's health is back to the dynamo stage , but his medics insist he rest for several more months before getting back into the baseball swim . William keeps up with our town 's doings daily , via the Tribune , and he tells me he never misses the Ticker . That 's our boy Bill . ǲ Jean Fardulli 's Blue Angel is  top local club to import that crazy new dance , the Twist . They 'll start lessons , too , pronto . ǲ A cheer here for Francis Lorenz , state treasurer , who will meet with the probate advisory board of the Chicago Bar association , for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies .
After being closed for seven months , the Garden of the Gods Club will have its gala summer opening Saturday , June 3 . 
Music for dancing will be furnished by Allen Uhles and his orchestra , who will play each Saturday during June . 
Members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites , each with its own private patio . 
Gene Marshall , genial manager of the club , has announced that the Garden of the Gods will open to members Thursday , June 1 . 
Beginning July 4 , there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season . 
Mrs. J. Edward Hackstaff and Mrs. Paul Luette are planning a luncheon next week in honor of Mrs. J. Clinton Bowman , who celebrates her birthday on Tuesday . 
Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Chase announce the birth of a daughter , Sheila , on Wednesday in Mercy Hospital . 
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Chase and Mr. and Mrs. Guy Mullenax of Kittredge . 
Mrs. Chase is the former Miss Mary Mullenax .  BACK TO W. COAST  Mrs. McIntosh Buell will leave Sunday to return to her home in Santa Barbara , Calif. , after spending a week in her Polo Grounds home . 
Mrs. John C. Vroman Jr . of Manzanola is spending several days in her Sherman Plaza apartment . 
Mr. and Mrs. Merrill Shoup have returned to their home in Colorado Springs after spending a few days at the Brown Palace Hotel . 
Brig. Gen. and Mrs. Robert F. McDermott will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday , May 3 , in the Officers ' Club at the Air Force Academy .  COCKTAIL PARTY  Mr. and Mrs. Piero de Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday , May 2 , from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home . The Bassis are leaving soon for their new post . 
There will be a stag dinner Friday evening at the Denver Country Club which will precede the opening of the 1961 golf season . 
Cocktails will be served from 6 to 7 p.m. , with dinner at 7 and entertainment in the main dining room immediately following . 
Miss Betsy Parker was one of the speakers on the panel of the Eastern Women 's Liberal Arts College panel on Wednesday evening in the Security Life Bldg . 
Guests were juniors in the public high schools .  FASHION SHOW  The committee for the annual Central City fashion show has been announced by Mrs. D. W. Moore , chairman . 
The event , staged yearly by Neusteters , will be held in the Opera House Wednesday , Aug. 16 . It will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House . 
Mrs. Roger Mead is head of the luncheon table decorations Mrs. Stanley Wright is ticket chairman and Mrs. Theodore Pate is in charge of publicity . 
Members of the committee include Mrs. Milton Bernet , Mrs. J. Clinton Bowman , Mrs. Rollie W. Bradford , Mrs. Samuel Butler Jr. , Mrs. Donald Carr Campbell , Mrs. Douglas Carruthers , Mrs. John C. Davis /3 , , Mrs. Cris Dobbins , Mrs. William E. Glass , Mrs. Alfred Hicks /2 , , Mrs. Donald Magarrell , Mrs. Willett Moore , Mrs. Myron Neusteter , Mrs. Richard Gibson Smith , Mrs. James S. Sudier /2 , and Mrs. Thomas Welborn . 
 committee meeting will be held on May 19 .
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew S. Kelsey of Washington , D.C. , announce the birth of a daughter , Kira Ann Kelsey , on Monday in Washington , D.C. 
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. R.L. Rickenbaugh and Mr. and Mrs. E.O . Kelsey of Scarsdale , N.Y . 
Mrs. Kelsey is the former Miss Ann Rickenbaugh . 
A cheery smile , a compassionate interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach . 
Those qualities make Esther Marr a popular asset at the Salvation Army 's Social Center at 1200 Larimer st . 
The pert , gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo , N.Y. , is a " civilian " with the Army . 
Her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director . The job also covers a number of other items . 
" Mom " Marr , as the more than 80 men at the center call her , is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society . 
Her day starts early , but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written ( and during May , which is National Salvation Army Week , there are plenty ) , schedules to be made or problems to be solved , Mrs. Marr 's office is always open and the welcome mat is out . 
MRS . MARR is contact a Skid Row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up .
She sees that there is a cup of steaming hot coffee awaiting him and the two chat informally as she presents the rules of the center and explains procedures . 
" Usually at this point a man is withdrawn from society and one of my jobs is to see that he relearns to mingle with his fellow men " , Mrs. Marr explained . 
The Denverite has worked out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center . 
" And I bum tickets to everything I can " , she said . " I 've become the greatest beggar in the world " . 
IN ADDITION to the tickets to the movies , sporting events and concerts , Mrs. Marr lines up candy and cookies because alcoholics require a lot of sweets to replace the sugar in their system . 
Mrs. Marr also has a number of parolees to " mother " , watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to readjust to society . 
By mid-June , millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land . 
In another four weeks , with schools closed across the nation , the great all-American summer safari will be under way . By July 1 , six weeks from now , motel-keepers all over the nation will , by 6 p.m. , be switching on that bleak ǿ to motorists ǿ sign , " No Vacancy " . 
No matter how many Americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home . And where is " home " , that magic place of the heart ? 
Ah , that is simple . Home is where a man was born , reared , went to school and , most particularly , where grandma is . That is where we turn in the good old summertime . 
The land lies ready for the coming onslaught . My husband and I , a month ahead of the rush , have just finished a 7-day motor journey of 2809 miles from Tucson , Ariz. , to New York City :  SET FOR INFLUX  I can testify that motels , service and comfort stations ( they go together like Scots and heather ) , dog wagons , roadside restaurants , souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting . 
I hope it can be said without boasting that no other nation offers its vacationing motorists such variety and beauty of scene , such an excellent network of roads on which to enjoy it and such decent , far-flung over-night accommodations . 
Maybe motel-keeping is n't the nation 's biggest industry , but it certainly looks that way from the highway . 
There are motels for all purposes and all tastes . There are even motels for local weather peculiarities , as I discovered in Shamrock , Tex . There the Royal Motel advertises " all facilities , vented heat , air conditioned , carpeted , free TV , storm cellar " .  MANY WITH POOLS  Innumerable motels from Tucson to New York boast swimming pools ( " swim at your own risk " is the hospitable sign poised at the brink of most pools ) . Some even boast two pools , one for adults and one for children . But the Royal Motel in Shamrock was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar . 
Motorists like myself who can remember the old " tourists accommodated " signs on farm houses and village homes before World War /2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business .  ALL FOR $14 !  At the Boxwood Motel in Winchester , Va. , we accidentally drew the honeymoon suite , an elegant affair with wall-to-wall carpeting , gold and white furniture , pink satin brocade chairs , 24-inch TV and a pink tile bath with masses of pink towels . All for $14 . 
That made up for the " best " motel in Norman , Okla. , where the proprietor knocked $2 off the $8.50 tab when we found ants in the pressed-paper furniture . 
Oxnard , Calif. , will be the home of the Rev. Robert D. Howard and his bride , the former Miss Judith Ellen Gay , who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church . 
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. Ferris M. Gay , 7034 Coronado . The bridegroom is the son of Mrs. James Baines of Los Angeles , Calif. , and Carl E. Howard of Santa Monica , Calif . He is a graduate of UCLA and Perkins School of Theology , SMU . 
Dr. W. B. I. Martin officiated , and the bride was given in marriage by her father . Honor attendants for the couple were Miss Sandra Branum and Warren V. McRoberts . 
The couple will honeymoon in Sequoia National Park , Calif . 
Miss Joan Frances Baker , a graduate of SMU , was married Saturday to Elvis Leonard Mason , an honor graduate of Lamar State College of Technology , in the chapel of the First Presbyterian Church of Houston . 
The bride , daughter of Rhodes Semmes Baker Jr . of Houston and the late Mrs. Baker , was president of Kappa Kappa Gamma and a member of Mortar Board at SMU . Her husband , who is the son of Alton John Mason of Shreveport , La. , and the late Mrs. Henry Cater Parmer , was president of Alpha Tau Omega and a member of Delta Sigma Pi at Lamar Tech , and did graduate work at Rhodes University in Grahamstown , South Africa , on a Rotary Fellowship . 
The Rev. Richard Freeman of Texas City officiated and Charles Pabor and Mrs. Marvin Hand presented music . The bride was given in marriage by her father . 
She wore a court-length gown of organdy designed with bateau neckline and princesse skirt accented by lace appliques . Her veil was caught to a crown , and she carried gardenias and stephanotis . 
Miss Mary Ross of Baird was maid of honor , and bridesmaids were Miss Pat Dawson of Austin , Mrs. Howard M. Dean of Hinsdale , Ill. , and Mrs. James A. Reeder of Shreveport , La . 
Cecil Mason of Hartford , Conn. , was best man for his brother , and groomsmen were Rhodes S. Baker /3 , of Houston , Dr. James Carter of Houston and Conrad McEachern of New Orleans , La . Lee Jackson and Ken Smith , both of Houston , and Alfred Neumann of Beaumont seated guests . 
After a reception at The Mayfair , the newlyweds left for a wedding trip to New Orleans , La . They will live in Corpus Christi . 
Miss Shirley Joan Meredith , a former student of North Texas State University , was married Saturday to Larry W. Mills , who has attended Arlington State College . They will live at 2705 Fitzhugh after a wedding trip to Corpus Christi . 
Parents of the couple are Ray Meredith of Denton and the late Mrs. Meredith and Mrs. Hardy P. Mills of Floresville and the late Mr. Mills . 
The Rev. Melvin Carter officiated at the ceremony in Slaughter Chapel of the First Baptist Church . Dan Beam presented music and the bride was given in marriage by her father . 
She wore a gown of satin designed along princesse lines and featuring a flared skirt and lace jacket with bateau neckline . Her veil was caught to a pearl headdress , and she carried stephanotis and orchids . 
Miss Glenda Kay Meredith of Denton was her sister 's maid or honor , and Vernon Lewelleyn of San Angelo was best man . Robert Lovelace and Cedric Burgher Jr . seated guests . A reception was held at the church .
 Christian Church of Pampa was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss Marcile Marie Glison and Thomas Earl Loving Jr. , who will live at 8861 Gaston after a wedding trip to New Orleans , La .
The bride , daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ervin Glison of Pampa , has attended Texas Woman 's University and will continue her studies at SMU .  
" A Night in New Orleans " is the gayety planned by members of the Thrift Shop Committee for May 6 at Philmont Country Club . The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year 's promises to follow in this fine tradition . Mrs. H. J. Grinsfelder is chairman . 
The Louisiana city is known , of course , for its fine food , good music and its colorful hospitality " and , when guests arrive at Philmont that night " , says Mrs. Grinsfelder , " that is exactly what we expect to offer them . We 've been working for weeks . The prospects look great . We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats . But we ca n't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later " .  BASIN STREET BEAT  But she does indicate festivities will start early , that a jazz combo will " give with the Basin Street beat " during the cocktail and dinner hours and that Lester Lanin 's orchestra will take over during the dancing . 
As for food , Mrs. Henry Louchheim , chairman of this phase , is a globetrotter who knows good food . " New Orleans " ? she says , " of course I 've had the best . It is just bad luck that we are having the party in a month with no R 's , so no oysters . But we have lots of other New Orleans specialties . I know they will be good . We 've tried them out on the club chef ǿ or say , he has tried them out on us and we have selected the best " .  SCENIC EFFECTS  Guests will be treated to Gulf Coast scenic effects . There will be masses of flowers , reproductions of the handsome old buildings with their grillwork and other things that are typical of New Orleans . Mrs. Harry K. Cohen is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from A. Van Hollander , display director of Gimbel Brothers . 
The gala is the Thrift Shop 's annual bundle party and , as all Thrift Shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop 's headquarters at 1213 Walnut St.  BUNDLE CENTERS  For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event . In addition to the bundles , guests pay the cost of their dinners . Members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed . 
The Thrift Shop , with Mrs. Bernhard S. Blumenthal as president , is one of the city 's most successful fund-raisers for the Federation of Jewish Agencies . Some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals $840,000 .  IT 'S BIG BUSINESS  " Big business , this little Thrift Shop business " , say the members . For most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction . In the past few years the men , mostly husbands of members , have taken an interest . Louis Glazer is chairman of the men 's committee that , among other jobs , takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours . 
Mrs. Theodore Kapnek is vice chairman of the committee for the gala . Mrs. Richard Newburger is chairman of hostesses . 
Mrs. Arthur Loeb is making arrangements for a reception ; Mrs. Joan Lichtenstein , for publicity ; Mrs. Harry M. Rose , Jr. , for secretarial duties ; Mrs. Ralph Taussig , for junior aides ; Mr. and Mrs. B. Lewis Kaufnabb , for senior aides , and Mrs. Samuel P. Weinberg , for the bundles . 
In addition , Mr. and Mrs. Allan Goodman are controllers , Mrs. Paul Stone is treasurer and Mrs. Albert Quell is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P. M. 
Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party . 
The women 's committee of St. David 's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade , a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 P. M. on Monday , April 17 , in the chapel assembly room , Wayne . 
Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle is chairman of the committee , which includes Mrs. James A. Moody , Mrs. Frank C. Wilkinson , Mrs. Ethel Coles , Mrs. Harold G. Lacy , Mrs. Albert W. Terry , Mrs. Henry M. Chance , 2d , Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle , Jr. , Mrs. Harcourt N. Trimble , Jr. , Mrs. John A. Moller , Mrs. Robert Zeising , Mrs. William G. Kilhour , Mrs. Hughes Cauffman , Mrs. John L. Baringer and Mrs. Clyde Newman . 
The fashion show , by Natalie Collett will have Mrs. John Newbold as commentator . Models will be Mrs. Samuel B. D. Baird , Mrs. William H. Meyle , Jr. , Mrs. Richard W. Hole , Mrs. William F. Harrity , Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle , Mrs. E. H. Kloman , Mrs. Robert W. Wolcott , Jr. , Mrs. Frederick C. Wheeler , Jr. , Mrs. William A Boyd , Mrs F. Vernon Putt . 
Col. Clifton Lisle , of Chester Springs , who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades , is now an honorary member . Each year he invites the boys to camp out on his estate for one of their big week ends of the year . 
The Troop is proud of its camping-out program ǿ on year-round schedule and was continued even when sub-zero temperatures were registered during the past winter . 
" We worry " , say the mothers . " But there never is any need . The boys love it " . 
Mrs. John Charles Cotty is chairman of publicity for the country fair and Mrs. Francis G. Felske and Mrs. Francis Smythe , of posters . They all are of Wayne . 
" Meet the Artist " is the invitation issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9 . 
A preview party for sponsors of the event and for the artists is set for April 8 . The event will be open to the public the following day . Proceeds will be used by the section to further its program in science , education and social action on local , national and international levels .  NOTED ARTIST  Mrs. Monte Tyson , chairman , says the work of 100 artists well known in the Delaware Valley area will be included in the exhibition and sale . Among them will be Marc Shoettle , Ben Shahn , Nicholas Marsicano , Alfred Van Loen and Milton Avery . Mr. Shoettle has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize . 
The event is the sixth on the annual calendar of the local members of the National Council of Jewish Women . It originated with the Wissahickon Section . When this and other units combined to form the present group , it was taken on as a continuing fund-raiser .  OTHERS ASSISTING  Mrs. Jerome Blum and Mrs. Meyer Schultz are co-chairmen this year . Assisting as chairmen of various committees are Mrs. Alvin Blum , Mrs. Leonard Malmud , Mrs. Edward Fernberger , Mrs. Robert Cushman . 
Also Mrs. Berton Korman , Mrs. Morton Rosen , Mrs. Jacques Zinman , Mrs. Evelyn Rosen , Mrs. Henry Schultz , Mr. and Mrs. I. S. Kamens , Mrs. Jack Langsdorf , Mrs. Leonard Liss , Mrs. Gordon Blumberg , Mrs. Oscar Bregman , Mrs. Alfred Kershbaum and Mrs. Edward Sabol . 
Dr. and Mrs. N. Volney Ludwick have had as guests Mr. and Mrs. John J. Evans , Jr. , of " Kimbolton House " , Rockhall , Md . 
Mrs. Edward App will entertain the members of her Book Club on Tuesday . 
Mrs. A. Voorhees Anderson entertained at a luncheon at her home , on Monday . Mr. and Mrs. Anderson were entertained at dinner on Sunday by Mr. and Mrs. Frank Coulson , of Fairless Hills . 
Mr. and Mrs. Major Morris and their son-in-law and daughter , Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Glennon , and their children will spend several days in Brigantine , N. J. 
Mr. and Mrs. James Janssen announce the birth of a daughter , Patricia Lynn Janssen , on March 2 . 
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Marella announce the engagement of their daughter , Miss Mary Ann Marella , to Mr. Robert L. Orcutt , son of Mr. and Mrs. Donald R. Orcutt , of Drexel Hill . 
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida . 
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Heinze are entertaining Mr. Walter Lehner , of Vienna ; Mr. Ingo Dussa , of Dusseldorf , Germany , and Mr. Bietnar Haaek , of Brelin . 
Mr. and Mrs. Harry D. Hoaps , Jr . have returned to their home in Drexel Park , after spending some time in Delray Beach Fla . 
Mr. and Mrs. James F. Mitchell , with their daughter , Anne , and son , James , Jr . are spending several weeks in Florida , and will visit in Clearwater . 
Cmdr. Warren Taylor , USN. , and Mrs. Taylor , of E. Greenwich , R. I. , will have with them for the Easter holidays the latter 's parents , Mr. and Mrs. John B. Walbridge , of Drexel Hill . 
Mr. and Mrs. L. DeForest Emmert , formerly of Drexel Hill , and now of Newtown Square , are entertaining Mr. and Mrs. Ashman E. Emmert , of Temple , Pa . 
Mrs. William H. Merner , of Drexel Park , entertained at a luncheon at her home on Wednesday . 
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Brown will return next week from Bermuda . 
Mrs. H. E. Godwin will entertain the members of her Book Club at her home on Tuesday . DR . AND MRS . Richard Peter Vieth announce the engagement of their daughter , Miss Susan Ann Vieth , to Mr. Conrad Wall /3 , , son of Dr. Conrad Wall /2 , , and Mrs. Nell Kennedy Wall . The marriage will be quietly celebrated in early February . 
Miss Vieth was graduated from the Louise S. McGehee school and is attending Wellesley college in Wellesley , Mass . Her mother is the former Miss Stella Hayward . 
Mr. Wall is a student at Tulane university , where he is a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity .  
Their Majesties , The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of Comus , have jointly issued invitations for Shrove Tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of Rex and Comus .  
Mr. and Mrs. Richard B. McConnell and their son-in-law and daughter , Mr. and Mrs. Raymond B. Walker will be hosts this Tuesday evening at dinner at the State st. home of the Walkers honoring Mrs. McConnell 's debutante niece , Miss Barbara Williams .  
Debutante Miss Lady Helen Hardy will be feted at luncheon this Tuesday at which the hostess will be Mrs. Edwin Socola of Waveland , Miss . She will entertain at a Vieux Carre restaurant at 1 o'clock in the early afternoon .  
Another debutante , Miss Virginia Richmond , will also be the honoree this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs. John Dane , will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel .  Miss Katherine Vickery , who attends Sweet Briar college in Virginia , will rejoin her father , Dr. Eugene Vickery , at the family home in Richmond pl . Wednesday for part of the Carnival festivities .  
When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival masquerade ball , Miss Margaret Pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses Clayton Nairne , Eleanor Eustis , Lynn Chapman , Irwin Leatherman of Robinsonville , Miss . and Helene Rowley . The large municipal hall was ablaze with color , which shown out from the bright array of chic ballgowns worn by those participating in the " maskers ' dances " . 
The mother of young queen , Mrs. G. Henry Pierson Jr . chose a white brocade gown made on slim lines with panels of tomato-red and bright green satin extending down the back . Mrs. Thomas Jordan selected a black taffeta frock made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with crimson silk slippers . Mrs. Clayton Nairne , whose daughter , was among the court maids , chose a deep greenish blue lace gown . Mrs. Fenwick Eustis , whose daughter was also a maid to the queen , wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown . Mrs. Peter Feringa Jr. , last year 's Achaeans ' queen , chose an eggshell white filmy lace short dress made with a wide decolletage trimmed with an edging of tulle . Mrs. Eustis Reily 's olive-green street length silk taffeta dress was embroidered on the bodice with gold threads and golden sequins and beads .  
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at 12.01 A.M. next Saturday . The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000 . 
Howard E. Simpson , the railroad 's president , said , " A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this regrettable action " . 
The reduction in expenses will affect employees in the thirteen states in which the B. + O. operates .  SALARY CUT AND LAY-OFFS  It will be accomplished in two ways :  1 .  
A flat reduction of 10 per cent in the salary of all officers , supervisors and other employees not belonging to unions . There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class .  2 .  
Sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense . 
Since the railroad can not reduce the salary of individual union members under contract , it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough , a B.+O. spokesman said . 
Those union members kept on their jobs , therefore , will not take a cut in their wages . 
The spokesman said the number to be furloughed can not be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job . 
A thug struck a cab driver in the face with a pistol last night after robbing him of $18 at Franklin and Mount streets . 
The victim , Norman B. Wiley , 38 , of the 900 block North Charles street , was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery . 
The driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money . The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit . 
He said the assailant , who was armed with a .45-caliber automatic , entered the taxi at Pennsylvania avenue and Gold street . 
In another attack , Samuel Verstandig , 41 , proprietor of a food store in the 2100 block Aiken street , told police two Negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him . 
A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home . 
The victim Darnell Somerville , Negro , 1 , was pronounced dead on arrival at Anne Arundel General Hospital in Annapolis . 
His sister and brother , Marie Louise , 3 , and John Raymond , Jr . 22 months , were admitted to the hospital . The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body .  BOY IN FAIR CONDITION  The boy received second-degree burns of the face , neck and back . His condition was reported to be fair . 
Police said the children 's mother , Mrs. Eleanor Somerville , was visiting next door when the fire occurred . 
The house is on Old Annapolis road a mile south of Severna Park , at Jones Station , police said .  ANNAPOLIS , JAN. 7  
- The Anne Arundel county school superintendent has asked that the Board of Education return to the practice of recording its proceedings mechanically so that there will be no more question about who said what . 
The proposal was made by Dr. David S. Jenkins after he and Mrs. D. Ellwood Williams , Jr. , a board member and long-time critic of the superintendent , argued for about fifteen minutes at this week 's meeting . 
The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting .  CITES DISCREPANCIES  Mrs. Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. Jenkins 's conversation and how they were written up for the board 's approval . 
" I hate to have these things come up again and again " , Dr. Jenkins commented as he made his suggestion . " These are the board 's minutes . I 'll write what you tell me to " . 
For a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago . 
It was about that time , a board member said later , that Dr. Thomas G. Pullen , Jr. , State superintendent of schools , told Dr. Jenkins and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him . 
The Board of County Commissioners , the Sanitary Commission , the Planning and Zoning Board and other county official bodies use recording machines for all public business in order to prevent law suits and other misunderstandings about what actually happened at their meetings . 
Dr. Jenkins notes , however , that most of the school boards in the State do not do so . 
State Senator Joseph A. Bertorelli ( D. , First Baltimore ) had a stroke yesterday while in his automobile in the 200 block of West Pratt street . 
He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance . 
Doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side . His condition was said to be , " fair " . 
Police said he became ill while parked in front of a barber shop at 229 West Pratt street .  BARBER SUMMONED  He called Vincent L. Piraro , proprietor of the shop , who summoned police and an ambulance . 
The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are " deficiencies " in the city 's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible . 
Councilman William D. Schaefer ( D. , Fifth ) said in a letter to Mayor Grady that plowing and salting crews should be dispatched earlier in storms and should be kept on the job longer than they were last month .  WERNER CRITICIZED  Conceding that several cities to the north were in worse shape than Baltimore after the last storm , Mr. Schaefer listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here . 
He said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in December . Equipment should be in operation " almost immediately after the first snowfall " , Mr. Schaefer said . 
The Councilman , who is the Administration floor leader , also criticized Bernard L. Werner , public works director , for " halting snow operations " on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm .  SENT HOME FOR REST  Mr. Werner said yesterday that operations continued through the week . What he did , Mr. Werner said , was let manual laborers go home Tuesday night for some rest . Work resumed Wednesday , he said . 
Mr. Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them , should be " strictly enforced " . 
Admitting that main streets and the central business district should have priority , the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas " not be overlooked ǲ if our small merchants are to survive " . 
Recounting personal observations of clearance work , the Councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually freezes .  ANNAPOLIS , JAN. 7 ( SPECIAL )  
- The 15-year-old adopted son of a Washington attorney and his wife , who were murdered early today in their Chesapeake Bay-front home , has been sent to Spring Grove State Hospital for detention . 
The victims were H. Malone Dresbach , 47 , and his wife , Shirley , 46 . Each had been shot in the back several times with a .22-caliber automatic rifle , according to Capt. Elmer Hagner , chief of Anne Arundel detectives . 
Judge Benjamin Michaelson signed the order remanding the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the Anne Arundel County Jail . The Circuit Court jurist said the boy will have a hearing in Juvenile Court . 
 YOUNGER SON CALLS POLICE  Soon after 10 A.M. , when police reached the 1-1/2-story brick home in the Franklin Manor section , 15 miles south of here on the bay , in response to a call from the Dresbach 's other son , Lee , 14 , they found Mrs. Dresbach 's body on the first-floor bedroom floor . Her husband was lying on the kitchen floor , police said . 
The younger son told police his brother had run from the house after the shootings and had driven away in their mother 's car . 
The description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout Southern Maryland on police radio .  TWO BROTHERS ADOPTED  Police said the boys are natural brothers and were adopted as small children by the Dresbachs . 
Trooper J. A. Grzesiak spotted the wanted car , with three boys , at a Route 2 service station , just outside Annapolis . The driver admitted he was the Dresbachs ' son and all three were taken to the Edgewater Station , police said .  ANNAPOLIS , JAN. 7  
- Governor Tawes today appointed Lloyd L. Simpkins , his administrative assistant , as Maryland 's Secretary of State . 
Mr. Simpkins will move into the post being vacated by Thomas B. Finan , earlier named attorney general to succeed C. Ferdinand Sybert , who will be elevated to an associate judgeship on the Maryland Court of Appeals . 
Governor Tawes announced that a triple swearing-in ceremony will be held in his office next Friday .  SIMPKINS FROM SOMERSET  Mr. Simpkins is a resident of Somerset county , and he and the Governor , also a Somerset countian , have been friends since Mr. Simpkins was a child . 
Now 38 , Mr. Simpkins was graduated from the University of Maryland 's College of Agriculture in 1947 . 
Five years later , he was awarded the university degree in law .
Mr. Simpkins made a name for himself as a member of the House of Delegates from 1951 through 1958 . From the outset of his first term , he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the House of Delegates . 
MARYLAND contracts for future construction during October totaled $77,389,000 , up to 10 per cent compared to October , 1960 , F. W. Dodge , Dodge Corporation , reported . 
Dodge reported the following breakdown : 
Nonresidential at $20,447,000 , down 28 per cent ; residential at $47,101,000 , up 100 per cent ; and heavy engineering at $9,841,000 , down 45 per cent . 
The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000 , a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year . 
A breakdown of the ten-month total showed : 
Nonresidential at $253,355,000 , up 22 per cent ; residential at $278,877,000 , up 12 per cent ; and heavy engineering at $102,285,000 , down 33 per cent . 
Residential building consists of houses , apartments , hotels , dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter . 
The share of the new housing market enjoyed by apartments , which began about six years ago , has more than tripled within that span of time . 
In 1961 , it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction . 
While availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction , the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the apartment-building field . 
Although economic and personal circumstances vary widely among those now choosing apartments , Leo J. Pantas , vice president of a hardware manufacturing company , pointed out recently that many apartment seekers seem to have one characteristic in common : a desire for greater convenience and freedom from the problems involved in maintaining a house .  CONVENIENCE HELD KEY  " Convenience is therefore the key to the housing market today . Trouble-free , long-life , quality components will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in 1960 " , Pantas predicted . 
SIXTY-SEVEN living units are being added to the 165-unit Harbor View Apartments in the Cherry Hill section . 
Ultimately the development will comprise 300 units , in two-story and three-story structures . Various of the apartments are of the terrace type , being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct . Others , which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs , have balconies . 
The structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction . Heating is by individual gas-fired , forced warm air systems . 
CONSTRUCTION in 1962 will account for about 15 per cent of the gross national product , according to a study by Johns-Manville Corporation .   LONDON , FEB. 9  
- Vital secrets of Britain 's first atomic submarine Dreadnought , and , by implication , of the entire United States navy 's still-building nuclear sub fleet , were stolen by a London-based soviet spy ring , secret service agents testified today .
The Dreadnought was built on designs supplied by the United States in 1959 and was launched last year . It is a killer sub ǿ that is , a hunter of enemy subs . It has a hull patterned on that of the United States navy 's Nautilus , the world 's first atomic submarine . Its power unit , however , was derived from the reactor of the more modern American nuclear submarine Skipjack .  FIVE HELD FOR TRIAL  The announcement that the secrets of the Dreadnought had been stolen was made in Bow st. police court here at the end of a three day hearing . A full trial was ordered for : 
Two British civil servants , Miss Ethel Gee , 46 , and her newly devoted friend , Harry Houghton , 55 , and divorced . They are accused of whisking secrets out of naval strongrooms over which they kept guard . 
Gordon A. Lonsdale , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be Russian altho he carries a Canadian passport . When arrested , he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift wrapping , it was testified .  FLASHED TO MOSCOW  A shadowy couple who call themselves Peter Kroger , bookseller , and wife , Joyce . 
[ In Washington , the Federal Bureau of Investigation identified the Krogers as Morris and Lola Cohen , an American couple formerly of New York City . ] 
In their suburban cottage the crown charges , the Krogers received secrets from the mystery man , usually on the first Saturday evening of each month , and spent much of the week-end getting the secrets off to Moscow , either on a powerful transmitter buried under the kitchen floor or as dots posted over period marks in used books . Each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing , a printed page , or a manuscript . 
All five pleaded innocent . Only Miss Gee asked for bail . Her young British lawyer , James Dunlop , pleaded that she was sorely needed at her Portland home by her widowed mother , 80 , her maiden aunt , also 80 and bedridden for 20 years , and her uncle , 76 , who once ran a candy shop .  REFUSES TO GRANT BAIL  " I am not prepared to grant bail to any of them " , said the magistrate , K.J.P. Baraclough . 
The trial will be held , probably the first week of March , in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where Klaus Fuchs , the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s , was sentenced to 14 years in prison . 
Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the 1960s . Fuchs , after nine and a half years , was released , being given time off for good behavior . He promptly went to communist East Germany . 
The magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in American and British currency , mostly $20 bills , and in British government bonds and stocks . 
" This is Russian money " , said Mervin Griffith-Jones for the attorney general 's office . He asserted that the Krogers were the bankers for Moscow , Lonsdale the Red paymaster , and the two civil servants the recipients for selling their country 's secrets .  " OF HIGHEST VALUE "  The fact that secrets of the Dreadnought , and thereby of the American undersea fleet , were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier . 
But just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the British navy 's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare , Capt. George Symonds . He said that drawings of the Dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from Lonsdale when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the Old Vic theater Saturday afternoon , Jan. 7 . 
The information , he said , would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy .  COURT CLEARED  Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken remained untold . 
The British defending lawyers , who today increased from three to four , demanded to know if they could make the information involved seem of little value to a jury , the chances of their clients would improve . So in the name of justice the magistrate cleared the court of all except officials to allow the captain to elaborate for almost an hour . 
Almost any information about the Dreadnought would also reveal secrets about the American underwater fleet . Britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the American government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with Britain that had been imposed after Fuchs blabbed . The United States offered to supply a complete set of propelling equipment like that used in the Skipjack . 
With the machinery went a complete design for the hull . 
The Skipjack was a second generation atomic sub , much advanced on the Nautilus and the other four which preceded it .  NAVY 'S FUTURE INVOLVED  " Much of the navy 's future depends upon her " , an American naval announcement said on the Skipjack 's first arrival in British waters in August , 1959 , for exhibition to selected high officers at Portland underwater research station . It was there that the two accused civil servants were at work . 
" Her basic hull form [ a teardrop ] and her nuclear power plant will be used for almost all new submarines , including the potent Polaris missile submarines " , the statement went on . 
The atom reactor , water cooled , was the result of almost a decade of research at the naval reactors branch of the atomic energy commission and Westinghouse Electric Corp . Thru development , the reactor and its steam turbines had been reduced greatly in size , and also in complexity , allowing a single propeller to be used , the navy said . 
The hull was also a result of almost a decade of work . It was first tried out on a conventional submarine , the Albacore , in 1954 . 
The Skipjack became the fastest submarine ever built . Reputedly it could outrun , underwater , the fastest destroyers . It could , reputedly , go 70,000 miles without refueling and stay down more than a month . 
It was of the hunter-killer type , designed to seek out ships and other submarines with its most advance gear and destroy them with torpedoes . 
The navy captain disclosed also that a list of questions found in Miss Gee 's purse would , if completed and handed back , have given the Kremlin a complete picture " of our current anti-submarine effort and would have shown what we are doing in research and development for the future " .  INTERESTED IN DETECTOR  The spy ring also was particularly interested in ASDIC , the underwater equipment for detecting submarines , it was testified . Range was a vital detail . Designs of parts were sought . 
Six radiomen told how , twice on two days after the ring was nabbed , a transmitter near Moscow was heard calling , using signals , times and wavelengths specified on codes found hidden in cigaret lighters in Lonsdale 's apartment and the Krogers ' house and also fastened to the transmitter lid . Oddly , the calls were still heard 11 days after the five were arrested . 
The charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives " is the product of rumor , combined with malice , and individual enmity " on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge Joseph Sam Perry in federal District court . 
The three ǿ Miles J. Cooperman , Sheldon Teller , and Richard Austin ǿ and eight other defendants are charged in six indictments with conspiracy to violate federal narcotic laws . 
In his opening statement to a jury of eight women and four men , Bernard H. Sokol , attorney for the detectives , said that evidence would show that his clients were " entirely innocent " .  'HAD TO KNOW PEDDLERS '  " When they became members of the city police narcotics unit " , Sokol said , " they were told they would have to get to know certain areas of Chicago in which narcotics were sold and they would have to get to know people in the narcotics racket . They , on occasion , posed as addicts and peddlers " . 
Altho federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together , Sokol continued , rivalries developed when they were " aiming at the same criminals " . This , he added , brought about " petty jealousies " and " petty personal grievances " . 
" In the same five year period that the United States says they [ the detectives ] were engaged in this conspiracy " , Sokol continued , " these three young men received a total of 26 creditable mentions and many special compensations , and were nominated for the Lambert Tree award and the mayor 's medal " .  NO COMMENTS BY U.S.  In opening , D. Arthur Connelly , assistant United States attorney , read the indictment , but made no comments . Attorneys for the eight other defendants said only that there was no proof of their clients ' guilt . 
Cooperman and Teller are accused of selling $4,700 worth of heroin to a convicted narcotics peddler , Otis Sears , 45 , of 6934 Indiana av . Among other acts , Teller and Austin are accused of paying $800 to Sears . 
 witness , Moses Winston Mardis , 5835 Michigan av. , a real estate agent and former bail bondsman , took the stand after opening statements had been made . But court adjourned after he testified he introduced James White and Jeremiah Hope Pullings , two of the defendants , and also introduced Pullings to Jessy Maroy , a man mentioned in the indictment but not indicted .
Buaford Robinson , 23 , of 7026 Stewart av. , a CTA bus driver , was slugged and robbed last night by a group of youths at 51st street and South Park way . Robinson was treated at a physician 's office for a cut over his left eyebrow and a possible sprained knee . His losses included his money bag , containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck . 
Robinson told Policemen James Jones and Morgan Lloyd of the Wabash avenue district that 10 youths boarded his south bound express bus in front of Dunbar Vocational High school , 30th street and South Park way , and began " skylarking " . 
When 51st street was reached , Robinson related , he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor . As he left the bus with his money bag , Robinson added , the largest youth accosted him , a quarrel ensued , and the youth knocked him down . Then the youths fled with his money . 
Mrs. Blanche Dunkel , 60 , who has spent 25 years in the Dwight reformatory for women for the murder in 1935 of her son-in-law , Ervin Lang , then 28 , appealed for a parole at a hearing yesterday before two Illinois pardon and parole board members , John M. Bookwalter and Joseph Carpentier . She had been sentenced to 180 years in prison , but former Gov . Stratton commuted her term to 75 years , making her eligible for parole , as one of his last acts in office . 
Mrs. Dunkel admitted the slaying and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934 . It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place . 
The son of a wealthy Evanston executive was fined $100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 days for leading an Evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy Evanston and Wilmette streets Jan. 20 . 
The defendant , William L. Stickney /3 , 23 , of 3211 Park pl. , Evanston , who pleaded guilty to reckless driving , also was ordered by Judge James Corcoran to attend the Evanston traffic school each Tuesday night for one month . 
Stickney is a salesman for Plee-Zing , Inc. , 2544 Green Bay rd. , Evanston , a food brokerage and grocery chain firm , of which his father , William L. Jr. , is president . 
Patrolman James F. Simms said he started in pursuit when he saw young Stickney speeding north in Stewart avenue at Central street . 
At Jenks street , Simms said , the car skidded completely around , just missed two parked cars , and sped east in Jenks . 
The car spun around again , Simms said , before Stickney could turn north in Prairie avenue , and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into Wilmette in Prairie .   ST . JOHNS , MICH. , APRIL 19 .  
- A jury of seven men and five women found 21-year-old Richard Pohl guilty of manslaughter yesterday in the bludgeon slaying of Mrs. Anna Hengesbach . 
Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion . He returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held since his arrest last July , without a word to his court-appointed attorney , Jack Walker , or his guard .  STEPSON VINDICATED  The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman 's stepson , Vincent Hengesbach , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in December , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict . Mrs. Hengesbach was killed on Aug. 31 , 1958 . 
Hengesbach has been living under a cloud ever since . When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hengesbach said : 
" I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed . Still , I do n't wish to appear happy at somebody 's else 's misfortune " .  LIVES ON WELFARE  Hengesbach , who has been living on welfare recently , said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in Westphalia , 27 miles southwest of here . 
Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958 . 
Pohl confessed the arson while being questioned about several fires in the Westphalia area by State Police . 
He also admitted killing Mrs. Hengesbach . However , the confession , which was the only evidence against him , was retracted before the trial .  CHARGES IN DOUBT  Assistant Prosecutor Fred Lewis , who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases , said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl . 
Circuit Judge Paul R. Cash did not set a date for sentencing . Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation . 
Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure .  LOCKED IN MOTEL  A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p.m. after almost 13-1/2 hours of deliberation . The jury , which was locked up in a motel overnight , was canvassed at the request of Walker after the verdict was announced . 
The jury foreman , Mrs. Olive Heideman , of rural Elsie , said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that day of deliberation was spent in going over the evidence .
She said the jurors agreed that Pohl 's confession was valid . 
The jury asked Judge Cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter . 
The verdict came three hours later . 
Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read . The trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week . 
A Sterling Township family of six surviving children , whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children , found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends . 
While neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother 's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit Henry Kowalski family , 34220 Viceroy . 
Mrs. Eleanor Kowalski , 42 , died yesterday afternoon in Holy Cross Hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a bottled gas explosion Saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother , Mrs. Mary Pankowski , in the adjoining suburb of Warren .  SERVICES TOMORROW  Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne 's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren . 
The mother and daughter , who will be buried side by side in Mt . Olivet Cemetery , rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home , 31730 Mound , Warren . 
Mrs. Pankowski , 61 , remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the explosion , which occurred while Mrs. Kowalski fueled a cook stove in the grandmother 's small upstairs flat at 2274 Eight Mile road east .  HELD CANDLE  Assistant Fire Chief Chester Cornell said gas fumes apparently were ignited by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother , because the flat lacked electricity . 
Christine 's twin sister , Patricia , and Darlene Kowalski , 8 , escaped with minor burns . They are home now with the other Kowalski children , Vicky , 14 ; Dennis , 6 ; Eleanor , 2 ; and Bernardine , 1 . 
" All we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way Mother wanted " , Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother 's death yesterday afternoon . 
Kowalski , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills .  $135 DONATED  Neighbor women , such as Mrs. Sidney Baker , 2269 Serra , Sterling Township , have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with Kowalski 's sister-in-law , Mrs. Anna Kowalski , 22111 David , East Detroit . 
Another neighbor , Mrs. Frank C. Smith , 2731 Pall Mall , Sterling Township , surprised Kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the $400 funeral costs . 
John C. Houghton , president of the Tareytown Acres Homeowners Association , followed that by announcing plans last night for a door-to-door fund drive throughout their subdivision on behalf of the Kowalski family .  STUDENTS HELP OUT  Houghton said 6 p.m . Friday had been set for a canvass of all 480 homes in the subdivision , which is located northeast of Dequindre and 14 Mile road east . He said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553 , Warren Village Station . 
Vicky Kowalski meanwhile learned that several of her fellow students had collected almost $25 for her family during the lunch hour yesterday at Fuhrmann Junior High School , 5155 Fourteen Mile road east . 
Principal Clayton W. Pohly said he would allow a further collection between classes today , and revealed that Y-Teen Club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse Monday for Mrs. Kowalski .  FUNDS FROM DANCES  Student Council officers announced today the Kowalski family would be given the combined proceeds from a school dance held two weeks ago , and another dance for Fuhrmann 's 770 students this Friday night . 
" Furhmann 's faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort , started largely among the students themselves , because of fondness for Vicky and sympathy for her entire family , Pohly said . 
There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School , 3505o Dequindre , which has been attended this year by four of the Kowalski children including Christine .  EXPRESSES THANKS  Kowalski has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday . But today he wanted to make a public statement . 
" I never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family . I was n't sure there were such people anywhere in the world . I 'll need more than a single day to find the words to properly express my thanks to them " . 
An alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was congratulated by police today for his part in obtaining a reckless driving conviction against a youthful motorist . 
Patrolman George Kimmell , of McClellan Station , said he would recommend a special safety citation for Ralph Sisk , 9230 Vernor east , a third grader at the Scripps School , for his assistance in the case . 
Kimmell said he and Ralph were helping children across Belvidere at Kercheval Monday afternoon when a car heading north on Belvidere stopped belatedly inside the pedestrian crosswalk .  GETS CAR NUMBER  Kimmell ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly " took off at high speed " , he said , narrowly missing him . 
Commandeering a passing car , Kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle , but lost it in traffic . Returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number . 
The motorist later was identified as Richard Sarkees , 17 , of 2433 McClellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive .  GIVEN 15 DAYS  He was found guilty of reckless driving yesterday by Traffic Judge George T. Murphy , who continued his no-driving probation for another year and ordered him to spend 15 days in the Detroit House of Correction . The jail sentence is to begin the day after Sarkees graduates from Eastern High School in June . 
The long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today . 
Britain announced that it is asking the Soviet Union to agree tomorrow to an immediate cease-fire .  HELP ASKED  In Vientiane , the royal Laotian government decided today to ask its " friends and neighbors " for help in fighting what it called a new rebel offensive threatening the southeast Asian kingdom . 
Britain 's plans to press Russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in London by Foreign Secretary Lord Home . 
He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened , sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire . 
A 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5 , he said .  PLEA FOR ARMS  The Laos government plea for help was made by Foreign Minister Tiao Sopsaisana . He indicated that requests would be made for more U.S. arms and more U.S. military advisers . 
He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens . 
One of moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body .
A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador Winthrop G. Brown .  HEAVY SUPPORT  The Laos government said four major Pathet Lao rebel attacks had been launched , heavily supported by troops from Communist North Viet Nam . 
The minister , describing the attacks which led up to the appeal , said that 60,000 Communist North Vietnamese were fighting royal army troops on one front ǿ near Thakhek , in southern-central Laos . 
There was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources . In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated .  HAVANA , APRIL 19 .  
- Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads today as Castro military tribunals began decreeing the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators . 
A Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson and August Jack McNair . 
The executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary tribunal at Pinar del Rio , where the executions took place .  ARMS PLOT CHARGED  The broadcast said Anderson , a Seattle ex-marine and Havana businessman , and McNair , of Miami , were condemned on charges of smuggling arms to Cuban rebels . 
Anderson operated three Havana automobile service stations and was commander of the Havana American Legion post before it disbanded since the start of Fidel Castro 's regime . 
Anderson 's wife and four children live in Miami . 
McNair , 25 , was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in Pinar del Rio , about 35 miles from Havana .  REPORT OTHERS HELD  At least 20 other Americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political roundup . 
Among them were a number of newsmen , including Henry Raymont , of United Press International , and Robert Berrellez , of Associated Press . 
So many Cubans were reported being swept into the Castro dragnet that the massive Sports Palace auditorium and at least one hotel were converted into makeshift jails . More than 1,000 were said to have been arrested ǿ 100 of them Roman Catholic priests . 
Of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in Siberia as political prisoners of the Soviet state , few emerge in the West to tell about it . 
M. Kegham ǿ the name is a pseudynom ǿ was a teacher in Bucharest and a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation ( ARF ) ǿ two reasons the Communists put him away when they arrived in 1945 . 
Today , M. Kegham was in Detroit , en route to join his wife and children in California .  
Emory University Board of Trustees announced Friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state 's tax laws made such a step possible .
" Emory University charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race " , board chairman Henry L. Bowden stated .
But an official statement adopted by the 33-man Emory board at its annual meeting Friday noted that state taxing requirements at present are a roadblock to accepting Negroes . 
The statement explained that under the Georgia Constitution and state law , tax-exempt status is granted to educational institutions only if they are segregated . 
" Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions " , the statement said . 
The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation . 
An Emory spokesman indicated , however , that the university itself did not intend to make any test of the laws . 
The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other criteria , " all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people " . 
At least two private colleges in the Atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies , but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state . 
Emory is affiliated with the Methodist Church . Some church leaders , both clerical and lay , have criticized the university for not taking the lead in desegregation .  URGED IN 1954  The student newspaper , The Emory Wheel , as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation . 
" From its beginning " , the trustees ' statement said Friday , " Emory University has assumed as its primary commitment a dedication to excellence in Christian higher learning . Teaching , research and study , according to highest standards , under Christian influence , are paramount in the Emory University policy . 
" As a private institution , supported by generous individuals , Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education . 
" There is not now , nor has there ever been in Emory University charter or by-laws any requirement that students be admitted or rejected on the basis of race , color or creed . Insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , irrespective of race , color or creed .  CORPORATE EXISTENCE  " On the other hand , Emory University derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia . ǲ
" When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education " . 
A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street , NE , police said . 
The dead youth was identified as Robert E. Sims , 19 , of 1688 Oak Knoll Cir. , SE . 
Patrolman G. E. Hammons said the car evidently slid out of control on rain-slick streets and slammed into the pole . 
The other occupants were James Willard Olvey , 18 , of 963 Ponce de Leon Ave. , NE , and Larry Coleman Barnett , 19 , of 704 Hill St. , SE , both of whom were treated at Grady Hospital for severe lacerations and bruisesuniv.